# A Decision Theoretic Framework for Measuring AI Reliance

This repository contains supplemental materials for the manuscript, A Decision Theoretic Framework for Measuring AI Reliance by Ziyang Guo, Yifan Wu, Jason Hartline, and Jessica Hullman.

## Contents

Contents include data preprocessing script, analysis script, and figure generating script for three demonstrations with recent AI-advised decision making experiment from literature. Some of the generated files such as intermediate data sets and model fit objects are intentionally left out of the repo due to file size.


bansal et al./ - *Materials for Bansal et al. demonstration*
 - analysis.Rmd: Code used to analyze Bansal et al. result, including four parts...
   - Code for a statistical model to estimate the behavioral agents' joint behavioral from the empirical distribution.
   - Code for discretizing signals in the empirical distribution using K-Means model, with cross validation to validate that the K-means model does not overfit.
   - Code used to calculate the quantities of our framework.
   - Code used to generate results used in our paper.
 - decision-result-filter.csv/
   - experimental data from Bansal et al..
 - task-lsat.json/
   - The data of the experiment questions used in Bansal et al.
 - models/
   - The model fit objects generated by our statistical models.

lai et al./ - *Materials for Lai et al. demonstration*
 - analysis.Rmd: Code used to analyze Lai et al. result, including three parts...
   - Code for discretizing signals in the empirical distribution using K-Means model, with cross validation to validate that the K-means model does not overfit.
   - Code used to calculate the quantities of our framework.
   - Code used to generate results used in our paper.
 - label.json/
   - experimental data from Lai et al..

fogliato et al./ - *Materials for Fogliato et al. demonstration*
 - analysis.Rmd: Code used to analyze Fogliato et al. result, including three parts...
   - Code for discretizing signals in the empirical distribution using binned confidence score of the AI model.
   - Code used to calculate the quantities of our framework.
   - Code used to generate results used in our paper.
 - Predictions.csv/
   - experimental data from Fogliato et al..
